Oops, ya, haha, hey, oops.
I've been waiting for a long time, I've been waiting for a long time, hey, hey.
I've been waiting for a long time.
Hey, oops, oops, I said Mr. Wang?
Your service here is really bad.
We've been doing it for half a day.
You said there wasn't even any tea.
At least have a glass of water
Right, Mr. Sun?
Damn, I pay for the treat
You kid came to pick up girls
I'll see how you do it later.
Hey, let's go, right away, haha, uh
waiter
Oh, Mr. Song
Here it comes.
Oh, your temperament is so beautiful today, haha.
Let's have a happy cooperation in the future. Well, of course
Haha Mr. Wang
Here's your juice
I'll give you a glass of juice instead.
Thank you for your hospitality today
Hey, Mr. Wang, let's drink together
Oh good Mr. Su
Oops hahaha hey
By the way, Mr. Wang
We two
Home has been an old friend of cooperation for many years
When can this model be played?
Oh, you're promising!
You have to believe in me.
Of course hahaha
President Wang
Mr. Wang, what will you do?
Mr. Wang
What should I do if I kiss one?
Kiss one kiss one kiss
Mr. Guo
Is your wife here?
Daughter-in-law
Daughter-in-law, daughter-in-law, I miss you to death
daughter-in-law